i become catatonic when i am writing in a journal as if i am the spotlight shining on my own shadow that is recursively flowing into a mad spectacle of my own ventriloquism
welcome to my journal
yes i am entering a hypomanic state
yes, I am also content with this 
as long as I can fall asleep tonight
I have started these "notebooks" since I was a kid only to get a few pages in and self reflect on sicko mode
enough so that I just deem the notebook not aesthetic enough and try again
but that is no way to treat an object that holds so much innards
innards was a vision i do not expect to blurt out
maybe a few days from now I will look at this and laugh
I ope so
i want my h key back
Honestly the only thing I feel i have energy for is laying supine in st peter and pauls church
when i went to the usps store everything seemed okay, even though i was very sleepily rushing to the post office parading in my rosette patterned corduroy jacket, dark blue pleated skirt, stockings and black suede thick treaded boots
simply put the dress that was wrapped in mauve tissue paper from daiso in a bag and waited in line
the man was jolly at the counter, and i walked up to him as he scanned my qr code
he then said in almost a song like manner "i'm gonna jump off a bridge....." and i just said almost mirroring his breathy tone but a few octaves higher, 
"don't do that." 
he continued on
"the golden gate... swan dive." 
the whold trip to run errands onward, i quickly became more feverish as if whatever nightmare that was stuck in my head from lack of sleep appeared in front of me
on the way to get my prescriptions, i found my compass on my phone was rarely pointing me in the right direction, there were two streets, both 3 lanes, and i was in the median waiting for the next "walk in the crosswalk signal" 
"weit....."
I press the button
"weit weit weit" says the button
The signal across bares a walk signal and I run
I saw a license plate that said 9HAL999 and for some reason it lead me to just repeat Hail Mary prayer over and over in my head until i got to the 1 on the bus homeward bound
parish: sends me the sparkle creed 
me: 
me at that service: opens the door
the service: "who wore a fabulous tunic and had two dads"
me: tangles myself in rosaries and returns to the deep crevices of roman catholicism
parish: lol it really be that way
me: barrel rolls lifelessly out of a confessional no i feel safe, i like it over here thank you very much
everyone wants a piece of the pie and I just wanna put the pie in the trash
today i am feeling so tired after coming home from japantown with parish, he was soft and gentle as we lay around in the morning before. we had breakfast with waffles and strawberries and he made me a shaken esspresso fluffy drink tat I don't remember the name of but it is cloud-like 
we talked so much i don't even know if i have the energy to do anything else today. he is my lover and protector when the world is feeling like hell on earth
it really felt like there was a demon lurking the streets this week after the blue moon, overtaking every ounce of reason from the minds of our town
i finally feel myself coming back down from a hypomanic state, albeit short lived
there is always a morose feeling when the immediate depression hits that what made you feel so creative is about to become hindered
i guess there should just be hope fro within that doesnt go away that allows me to actually continue doing what i truly want to spend my time on
i am trying to visualize myself fighting a monster with daggers like a character in dark souls
ana is the final boss in some sort of dilapidated tunnel of horrific funhouse mirrors
It you want to create art that is as visceral as I want to, you have to be okay with becoming a spectacle in a small amount of time. In the eyes of an audience you are in their view. But the act of deciding to hide… does that make them feel like they are the weird ones? Like they are the ones hurting me?
I am having some disconnect to my identity today. Like I am feeling insecure in my tendency to be influenced by others behaviors and beliefs and act them out as my own. I’ll convince myself that I believe them and truly do agree in the moment but then I fear that later down the line I will regret those thoughts and behaviors as if I was not thinking clearly all along and want to have done something differently
I know this is because of how my life was with the anthill
The anthill still haunts me and I hate them with every fiber of my being
But I also fed into their lies and trickery and will never live it down
I mean, I forgive myself but also am so angry about it
I don’t wanna be angry, so I channel it into the complete opposite of it. Thus leaning into the most angelic versions of myself both mentally and aesthetically
Angelic will never be who I am and I accept that just by virtue I am a sinner
I just want god to know I am trying my best and I know he doesn’t want me to hate myself or hold grudges
The pizza angel said it all and gave me that sense that he knew it was going to be okay. Like a little joke between us
The pizza angel will never know he was the pizza angel… just so atuned to us in the moment. And ephemeral in the way he just swanned up the hill. Swanned in a way that he was almost floating
okay, i just reread that and it sounds very schizophrenic
like, why am i referring to myself as angelic or inauthentic?
sometimes your interests change my dude
sometimes they are cringey when you look back on it
its not that deep
i triggered myself today and it is like staring at a carcrash and not being able to look away but the person in the carcrash is the person you love the most
Last night I went to go see the production that parish worked so hard on this past week. It was a Gala for Haruki Murakami and his exhibition called Monster-Something. I don’t quite remember
Parish worked so hard on this Gala and he walked me around to show me his hard work. He greeted me at the bottom of the stairs with a smirk, half joking half serious about his status of getting me into this big fancy party. He winked and waved me to come forward up the lavish bright pink carpeted stairs. Everyone was dressed up in elaborate evening wear. All very colorful to go along with Murakami’s bright pop art aesthetic. I looked anything but consistent with Murakami as I do not own anything of the sort. I wore a very academic and classic cotton striped dress with a frilly mock neck collar that I still need to take to the cleaners to get taken in to fit my waist. I tightened up the silhouette of the waist by putting my cropped black sweater that is meant to show the shoulders but instead my modest dress peaked out instead. On my neck I wore my locket with the red ruby on it hanging on my thicker velvet ribbon as a choker. I love the look. Very Victorian and academic. I feel like Ada Lovelace in this outfit.
I spent the entire day preparing like it was the day of school before prom. Even though my outfit was considerably casual in comparison. Except I donned my new white stockings that are adorned with balletcore tainted ribbons because I am a sucker for anything related to such.
I got to sit at the booth with parish and his crew of a/v technicians and I felt a sense of coolness against the crowd but also a sense of observatory prowess. What I walked into was what I could only describe as a menagerie of elites in gaudy formal wear made of synthetic sparkly fabric, sheer and patterned with flashy florals and polka dots
Parish came home from work after a long winded workday at the museum preparing for the gala. I was so excited to see him in his element. He had been projection mapping in the giant hall in the museum. It’s very intricate work with a lot of climbing and carrying large and heavy cords up ladders. It’s very attractive and I’m very in love with this version of him. I made him cookies and wrote the recipe in my handwriting. I also tied a string of my velvet ribbon and sewed a satin rossette to the  velvet. I know it’s feminine but I also know he loves that sort of stuff. And I can’t wait to bring them to him on Wednesday. I picked out my outfit and I feel very pretty after cutting my bangs recently. My hair is growing out again and I feel very feminine. I wore my lacey slip around the house with white stockings and white hair tie with the long bow
Today was productive and I was able to dedicate time to family. I called my aunt Anne marie and my mom was on the phone with me helping me copy edit. She’s so skilled at it and knows so much grammar and syntax
I think I should dedicate Sunday’s to church, reflection and revival after this project is over 
I like making time to talk to family
parish was so peaceful to wake up with. He was asleep for the most part while I was getting ready for the day. I have to stop opening my computer before I get dressed and have breakfast. People always want me to help with something. In my eyes the ask is always so menial. Basic technology skills. I would like to be seen as more than just an IT help desk because it feel like I am throwing away my academic rigor for the org. I would love to provide more substance. But I know that if I just keep working and communicate this in my review. They will listen. I can tell they do care but are always so busy with other important public facing things. I just have to make it known what I am worth
I am standing at the bus stop. There are a group of workers cleaning the side of the building that is along the road I am standing on
Swinging on a swing and wiping windows sounds like a secretly enjoyable job
When he appeared in front of the table, he sat there silently and instead of my usual instinctual cowardly retracting stance, I felt loved and cared for. He just sat silently for a bit with a smile. It was a calm feeling. Cheeky almost like he’s been watching all along. 
He just said how great the pizza looked and he had to come up and take a look
He pointed to parish first and said “you” and then to me “and her” paused for a split second “wonderful” and gracefully turned away to continue up the street almost too smoothly as if he was swanning and floating through the streets of little Italy 
Parish and I looked at each other in awe of what had just occurred in the timely manner that it had. And then and there I knew 100% that I wanted to spend the rest of my life with Parish
And I think that is what parish thought too? I don’t know for sure, but later that night … or the night after? He told me how it is tradition in china that husband material is based on ability to make dumplings by hand and he told me how he was the best at making them when he was there 
I just asked when he was going to make them for me
I have to write down the story of the pizza angel
Parish and I were exhaustedly recovering from the week at Tony’s pizza. We chose the New Yorker pizza for the first time. It was insanely delicious. I love the pepperoni cups. He was showing me all of his future planning documents at the table. He seemed to be trying to show me all that he is doing to provide reassurance that he is doing everything he can to set himself up for his own level of happiness and work life balance
We were still feeling scared and hiding away from the world together after what felt like a week of witnessing hell on earth
When all of the sudden, a man appeared in front of our table seemingly instantaneously
From the perspective since I was facing away and he came up from behind. But parish said he was able to tell he was walking toward us for a bit longer since he was looking at him
Parish described it as he had a look on his face as if he knew something that parish didn’t. Like a subtle joke of a sort.
You’ve been a guiding light for each other in lots of ways over the past year. These are the defining, crystallized moments of long term relationships where you realize that if you can make things good together even when other shit is bad or uncertain, it’s all worth it. Because you can look at each other and say “oh this sucks, but as long as I have you and your confidence in me we’ll be fine”. Saying that out loud is scary and vulnerable but very freeing too. Now you can see yourselves as a unit working together to make things happen